es-419:
  scratch-intro:
    title: "Introduction to Scratch: sprites, scripts, and loops"
    description: In this introduction to coding in Scratch for beginners, you will learn how to add code, costumes, and sounds to sprites as you make animations, a game, an app, and a book.
    meta_title: Project path | Intro to Scratch programming for kids
    meta_description: Introduction to Scratch programming for kids, teenagers and young adults. Learn how to make animations, a game, an app, and a book.
  more-scratch:
    title: "More Scratch: broadcast, decisions and variables"
    description: More Scratch moves beyond the basics introduced in Introduction to Scratch. You will make apps, games and simulations using message broadcasting, if..then and if..then..else decisions and variables.
    meta_title: Project path | More Scratch for kids | Raspberry Pi
    meta_description: More Scratch for kids, teenagers and young adults. Move beyond the basics to code apps, games, and animations using message broadcasts, with these free projects.
  further-scratch:
    title: "Further Scratch: clones, my blocks, and boolean logic"
    description: Further Scratch moves beyond the skills introduced in Introduction to Scratch and More Scratch. You will make apps, games, computer-generated art, and simulations using boolean logic, functions, clones, and more.
    meta_title: Project path | Further Scratch coding for kids | Raspberry Pi
    meta_description: Further Scratch coding for kids, teenagers and young adults. Use these free coding resources to make apps, games, computer-generated art, and animations.
  scratch-module-1:
    title: "Scratch: Module 1"
    description: Learn how to program your own interactive stories, games and animations.
  scratch-module-2:
    title: "Scratch: Module 2"
    description: Learn how to program your own interactive stories, games and animations.
  scratch-module-3:
    title: "Scratch: Module 3"
    description: Learn how to program your own interactive stories, games and animations.
  scratch-additional-projects:
    title: "Scratch: Additional Projects"
    description: Learn how to program your own interactive stories, games and animations.
  webdev-module-1:
    title: "HTML & CSS: Module 1"
    description: Build and style your own web pages.
  webdev-module-2:
    title: "HTML & CSS: Module 2"
    description: Build and style your own web pages.
  python-intro:
    title: "Introduction to Python: Variables, functions, and loops"
    description: In this introduction to coding in Python for beginners, you will learn how to use variables, loops, and functions to create visual and interactive artwork, animations, simulations, games, and more.
    meta_title: Project path | Intro to Python for kids | Raspberry Pi
    meta_description: Introduction to Python for kids, teenagers and young adults. Create interactive artwork, animations, and games with these free resources.
  more-python:
    title: "More Python: Lists, dictionaries, and data"
    description: More Python moves beyond the basics introduced in Introduction to Python. You will learn how to use lists, dictionaries and files to create charts, models and artwork.
    meta_title: Project path | More Python projects for kids | Raspberry Pi
    meta_description: More Python projects for kids, teenagers and young adults. Learn how to use lists, dictionaries and files to create charts, models and artwork.
  python-module-1:
    title: "Python: Module 1"
    description: Python is a widely used, general purpose, text-based programming language.
  python-module-2:
    title: "Python: Module 2"
    description: Python is a widely used, general purpose, text-based programming language.
    unity-intro:
      title: "Introduction to Unity: 3D Objects, Character Controllers, Colliders, Text and Buttons"
      description: In this introduction to Unity you will learn how to make 3D worlds and games with collectibles, timers and non-player characters.
      meta_title: Project path | Unity coding for kids | Raspberry Pi
      meta_description: Introduction to Unity coding for kids, teenagers and young adults. Learn how to make 3D worlds and games using these free resources.
    physical-computing-with-scratch-and-the-raspberry-pi:
      title: Physical computing with Scratch and the Raspberry Pi
      description: Learn how to use input and output electronics with Scratch and your Raspberry Pi computer.
      meta_title: Project path | Coding in Scratch for kids | Raspberry Pi
      meta_description: Learn how to use input and output electronics with Scratch on your Raspberry Pi computer. Free resources - coding in scratch for kids, teens and young adults.
    pico-intro:
      title: "Introduction to Raspberry Pi Pico: LEDs, buzzers, switches, and dials"
      description: In this introduction to digital making with Raspberry Pi Pico for beginners, you will learn how to connect and control LEDs, buttons, switches, buzzers and potentiometers (dials).
      meta_title: Project path | Introduction to the Raspberry Pi Pico
      meta_description: In this introduction to digital making with Raspberry Pi Pico for beginners, you will learn how to connect and control LEDs, buttons, switches, buzzers, etc.
    raspberry-pi:
      title: Raspberry Pi
      description: The Raspberry Pi is a capable little computer which can be used in electronics projects, and for many of the things that your desktop PC does.
    sense-hat:
      title: Sense HAT
      description: The Sense HAT is an add-on board for the Raspberry Pi, including LEDs, a joystick and lots of sensors.
    sonic-pi:
      title: Sonic Pi
      description: Sonic Pi is a new kind of musical instrument, designed for creating sounds with code.
    microbit:
      title: "BBC micro:bit"
      description: "The BBC micro:bit is a pocket-sized, codeable computer that allows you to get creative."
    look-after-yourself:
      title: Look after yourself
      description: Learn to look after yourself, while learning how to use Scratch and work your way towards being an independent programmer.
    protect-our-planet:
      title: Protect our planet
      description: Use Scratch to learn about our planet and how to protect the environment for future generations
    coderdojo-html_css:
      title: CoderDojo HTML & CSS
      description: Create websites by following these projects.
    coderdojo-scratch:
      title: CoderDojo Scratch
      description: Learn Scratch by working through these fun projects!
    coderdojo-wearables:
      title: CoderDojo Wearables
      description: Create wearable technology projects by following these projects.
    app-inventor-for-social-enterprise:
      title: App Inventor for social innovation
      description: Learn to make apps for Android devices by doing projects that can help people in your community.
    scratch-for-social-enterprise:
      title: Scratch for social innovation
      description: Learn Scratch, a beginner-friendly graphical programming language, while building apps and games to help people learn about important issues.
    html-css-for-social-enterprise:
      title: HTML & CSS for social innovation
      description: Learn HTML & CSS by creating a website about bird conservation.
    getting-started-with-raspberry-pi:
      title: Get started with Raspberry Pi
      description: Set up your Raspberry Pi and see what it can do!
